Senior Leadership:

1. Atif Rais Khan - Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
- Areas of Expertise
Upstream data management and technology infrastructure
Strategic investments and entrepreneurship
Business transformation
Restructuring and turnaround
- Education
MSc in Petroleum Economics – Colorado School of Mines
MSc in Geology – University of Karachi.

Atif Khan co-founded LMKT in 2011. He is also the Chairman and CEO of sister concern LMKR Holdings founded by him in 1994. As an entrepreneur, businessman and investor, with an extensive background in oil and gas and information technology, his professional career spans over two decades working in US, Middle East and South Asia.

Being an authority on upstream data management and technology infrastructure, Atif is a trusted advisor to many IOCs, NOCs and regulatory agencies around the globe.

Previously, he served as Vice President for international projects for Mathtech Inc. and as Chief of party for USAID funded international projects.

Atif holds a master’s degree (MSc) in Petroleum Economics from the Colorado School of Mines and obtained a master’s degree (MSc) in Geology from the University of Karachi. He has funded several technology startups of which most notable are Convo, LMKT, Flikkable and LMKP.


2. Nasir Tanveer - Vice President Technology Consulting
- Areas of Expertise
ICT infrastructure
Software development
Product management
CRM and contact center management
Enterprise resource planning
Smart buildings and integrated security solutions
- Education
Masters in Telecom Business Administration
Bachelors in Computer Science

Nasir Tanveer holds more than 12 years of professional experience in different technology areas including ICT infrastructure, software development, product management, contact center, CRM, ERP, smart buildings and integrated security solutions.

Nasir has worked on large-scale ICT projects with the fortune 500 companies, in regions including USA, the Middle East and South East Asia.

At LMKT, he is responsible for driving innovation through R&D activities and maximizing value from the fast-changing and dynamic technology ecosystem, in addition to overseeing the technology-consulting group. He spearheads the company’s highly skilled, certified technology architects, who apply new technologies and architectural foundations in building solutions for clients across industries.

Nasir holds a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and master’s in Telecom Business Administration.

3. Faisal Jamil - Vice President Service Delivery LMKT
- Areas of Expertise
Project management
IT governance
Service delivery
- Education
MSc in Computer Science – LUMS
BSc in Computer Science – FAST-NUCES
Post Graduate Diploma in Energy Innovation – Stanford University

Faisal is an expert in the fields of project management, information architecture and IT governance. He holds more than a decade of professional experience primarily in identification, execution and continuous assessment of business critical projects across different industry verticals with a focus on creation of transparent and integrated work environments aimed at increasing project success rate.

Faisal is an unparalleled asset to LMKT owing to his strong commercial and technical acumen. In his current role he is actively involved in end-to-end supervision and assurance of service delivery.

Faisal holds a bachelor’s degree in Computer Sciences from FAST-NUCES coupled with a master’s degree (MSc) in Computer Science from LUMS. He has also completed a Post Graduate Certificate in Energy Innovation from Stanford University and has quite a penchant for photography.